c:\users\sérgio pinto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BotSteam\BotSteam\bin\Debug\BotSteam.exe.config
c:\users\sérgio pinto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BotSteam\BotSteam\bin\Debug\BotSteam.exe
c:\users\sérgio pinto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BotSteam\BotSteam\bin\Debug\BotSteam.pdb
c:\users\sérgio pinto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BotSteam\BotSteam\bin\Debug\protobuf-net.dll
c:\users\sérgio pinto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BotSteam\BotSteam\bin\Debug\SteamKit2.dll
c:\users\sérgio pinto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BotSteam\BotSteam\bin\Debug\protobuf-net.pdb
c:\users\sérgio pinto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BotSteam\BotSteam\bin\Debug\protobuf-net.xml
c:\users\sérgio pinto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BotSteam\BotSteam\bin\Debug\SteamKit2.xml
c:\users\sérgio pinto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BotSteam\BotSteam\obj\Debug\BotSteam.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sérgio pinto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BotSteam\BotSteam\obj\Debug\BotSteam.exe
c:\users\sérgio pinto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BotSteam\BotSteam\obj\Debug\BotSteam.pdb
C:\Users\Sergio\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BotSteam\BotSteam\bin\Debug\BotSteam.exe.config
C:\Users\Sergio\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BotSteam\BotSteam\obj\Debug\BotSteam.exe
C:\Users\Sergio\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BotSteam\BotSteam\obj\Debug\BotSteam.pdb
C:\Users\Sergio\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BotSteam\BotSteam\bin\Debug\BotSteam.exe
C:\Users\Sergio\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BotSteam\BotSteam\bin\Debug\BotSteam.pdb
C:\Users\Sergio\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BotSteam\BotSteam\bin\Debug\protobuf-net.dll
C:\Users\Sergio\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BotSteam\BotSteam\bin\Debug\SteamKit2.dll
C:\Users\Sergio\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BotSteam\BotSteam\bin\Debug\protobuf-net.pdb
C:\Users\Sergio\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BotSteam\BotSteam\bin\Debug\protobuf-net.xml
C:\Users\Sergio\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BotSteam\BotSteam\bin\Debug\SteamKit2.xml
C:\Users\Sergio\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BotSteam\BotSteam\obj\Debug\BotSteam.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
